kymotrack: add `sample_from_channel` (#685)
lumicks/pylake: docs/tutorial/kymotracking.rst

.. note::
    For tracks obtained from tracking or :func:`~lumicks.pylake.refine_tracks_centroid`, the photon counts found in the attribute :attr:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrack.photon_counts` are computed by :func:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrack.sample_from_image` using `num_pixels=np.ceil(track_width / pixelsize) // 2` where `track_width` is the track width used for tracking or refinement.

Averaging channel data over tracks
----------------------------------

It is also possible to average channel data over the track using :meth:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.Kymotrack.sample_from_channel()`.
For example, let's find out what the force was during a particular track::

    force_slice = file.force1x
    track_force = longest_track.sample_from_channel(force_slice, include_dead_time=True)

When you call this function with a :class:`~lumicks.pylake.Slice`, it returns another :class:`~lumicks.pylake.Slice` with the downsampled channel data.

> What happens is that for every point on the track, the correct kymograph scan line is looked up and the channel data is averaged over the entire duration of that scan line.

Reviewer: Would clarify. It's either the entire _length_ of the scan line or the entire _duration_ of the line _scanning_.

As in: the scan line is already an artificial construct where the time it took to record it has been factored in, so talking about duration here again is potentially confusing.

Author: Isn't the difference already clarified by the line immediately after?

`The parameter `include_dead_time` specifies whether the time it takes the mirror to return to its initial position after each scan line should be included in this average.`

What do you think it should read?

> What happens is that for every point on the track, the correct kymograph scan line is looked up and the channel data is averaged over the entire duration of that scan line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For every point on the track, the corresponding kymograph scan line is looked up and the channel data is averaged over the entire duration of that scan line.
```

> The parameter `include_dead_time` specifies whether the time it takes the mirror to return to its initial position after each scan line should be included in this average.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The parameter `include_dead_time` specifies whether the dead time (the time it takes the mirror to return to its initial position after each scan line) should be included in this average.
```
